sagebrew/help_center/documents/representatives/donation_goals.md, before:

# What are donation goals and how should I set them? #
One of the exciting Sagebrew features for current representatives and those 
running for office is the ability to collect donations. The Sagebrew donation 
system is a unique and meaningful donation system that offers benefactors the 
ability to track the progress of their donations while allowing representatives 
to lay out detailed plans for the funds they raise. How is all of this 
possible? Donation Goals. 

Candidates have the ability to set Donation Goals during the campaign season. 
A Donation Goal is an achievement that a candidate running for office would 
like to achieve with proper funding.

- For example; Leslie wants to run for her district's seat in the House of 
  Representatives. She might set her first Donation Goal at $2,500, 
  promising to launch her campaign with a public address. 

Leslie can then outline her first Round of Donation Goals. For easy 
organization, Donation Goals are set ahead of time in Rounds. 
Leslie would set up her first Round of Donation Goals. Once she's set her 
first Round and made it live, she may not change the Donation Goals for that 
Round. When she reaches the last Donation Goal in her first Round of Donation 
Goals she may then set up her second Round.
 
All excess funding will be targeted 
to the second Round provided that it has been set before the first Round ends. 
After her first Round has been set and has gone live, she and each of her 
contributors can track the progress of the Donation Goals. Once a Donation 
Goal has been met all of the donations will be placed by the donors and provided to Leslie 
so she can achieve her goal. 

Before her next Donation Goal is reached, she 
must provide an update about the progress of her current Donation Goal. This 
way contributors can see that their money is being spent as desired, and track 
Leslie's progress. If she doesn't provide an update by the time her next 
Donation Goal is reached, donors' donations will not be placed until she provides an update. 
This system of Donation Goals and Rounds helps make a stronger connection 
between candidates and those supporting them. 

## Odds and Ends ##
- A contributor may retract their donation at any time until the following 
  Donation Goal is reached and they actually donate to the representative or 
  candidate. 

- Once a Donation Goal is reached the representative or candidate must provide 
  an update to their constituents and contributors. (i.e. if you've promised to 
  make a commercial after reaching your $10,000 Donation Goal, you should show 
  the commercial to your contributors so they can see the tangible results of 
  their donations) If no update is provided before the next Donation Goal is 
  reached, no donors shall provide donations until an update is provided. 

- At the end of a Round, during the last Donation Goal, you may set your next 
  Round of Donation Goals. All excess donor donations from one Round will roll 
  over into the next Round. 

- The initial Donation Goal (the first set by any candidate or representative 
  during a campaign and at the outset of each round) may include a number of 
  promised votes as well as a monetary goal. (i.e. if a candidate isn't sure 
  whether or not it'll be worth it to run, they can set their first Donation 
  Goal at $5,000 and 1000 pledged votes. This will ensure that they have enough
  support to launch a campaign. The pledged votes must come through the Sagebrew 
  Pledged Vote system)

- Once a Donation Goal is set it may not be changed. This encourages 
  representatives and candidates to set pragmatic Donation Goals and ensures 
  donors that their money will be spent as promised.

Commit message:

Updating docs to utilize Quest reference more often, fixing intercom population on quest creation, removing reference to representative where both reps and candidates are possible, and updating search blocks for quest

sagebrew/help_center/documents/representatives/donation_goals.md, after:

# What are donation goals and how should I set them? #
One of the exciting Sagebrew features for current representatives and those 
running for office with a Quest is the ability to collect donations. The Sagebrew donation 
system is a unique and meaningful donation system that offers benefactors the 
ability to track the progress of their donations while allowing candidates 
to lay out detailed plans for the funds they raise. How is all of this 
possible? Donation Goals. 

Candidates have the ability to set Donation Goals during the campaign season. 
A Donation Goal is an achievement that a candidate running for office would 
like to achieve with proper funding.

- For example; Leslie wants to run for her district's seat in the House of 
  Representatives. She might set her first Donation Goal at $2,500, 
  promising to launch her campaign with a public address. 

Leslie can then outline her first Round of Donation Goals. For easy 
organization, Donation Goals are set ahead of time in Rounds. 
Leslie would set up her first Round of Donation Goals. Once she's set her 
first Round and made it live, she may not change the Donation Goals for that 
Round. When she reaches the last Donation Goal in her first Round of Donation 
Goals she may then set up her second Round.
 
All excess funding will be targeted 
to the second Round provided that it has been set before the first Round ends. 
After her first Round has been set and has gone live, she and each of her 
contributors can track the progress of the Donation Goals. Once a Donation 
Goal has been met all of the donations will be placed by the donors and provided to Leslie 
so she can achieve her goal. 

Before her next Donation Goal is reached, she 
must provide an update about the progress of her current Donation Goal. This 
way contributors can see that their money is being spent as desired, and track 
Leslie's progress. If she doesn't provide an update by the time her next 
Donation Goal is reached, donors' donations will not be placed until she provides an update. 
This system of Donation Goals and Rounds helps make a stronger connection 
between candidates and those supporting them. 

## Odds and Ends ##
- A contributor may retract their donation at any time until the following 
  Donation Goal is reached and they actually donate to the Quest. 

- Once a Donation Goal is reached the Quest must provide 
  an update to their constituents and contributors. (i.e. if you've promised to 
  make a commercial after reaching your $10,000 Donation Goal, you should show 
  the commercial to your contributors so they can see the tangible results of 
  their donations) If no update is provided before the next Donation Goal is 
  reached, no donors shall provide donations until an update is provided. 

- At the end of a Round, during the last Donation Goal, you may set your next 
  Round of Donation Goals. All excess donor donations from one Round will roll 
  over into the next Round. 

- Once a Donation Goal is set it may not be changed. This encourages 
  representatives and candidates to set pragmatic Donation Goals and ensures 
  donors that their money will be spent as promised.
