sagebrew/help_center/documents/solutions/solutions_no_longer_accepted.md, before:

# Why are Solutions no longer being accepted from my account? #
There are a few reasons that might lead to an inability to post Solutions.

 - Multiple of your Solutions have been flagged
 for inappropriate or offensive conduct. 
  - If you have been providing Solutions that are
  considered offensive or inappropriate you are
  not adding to the Conversation but rather distracting
  from real Solutions. This will result in the
  temporary suspension of your privilege to provide Solutions

- Your Solutions have repeatedly been Downvoted and are
determined to be largely unhelpful to the Conversation.
 - If you've been providing solutions that aren't offensive
 or inappropriate, but provide no real value to the
 Conversation your privilege to provide Solutions
 may be temporarily suspended. In this case, we suggest
 reading through some other Questions and Solutions to get
 an idea of what is expected in a Solution.


- Your account has been flagged for misconduct or
 inappropriate or offensive activity.
 - If your account has been flagged for misconduct, all
 of your privileges, including providing Solutions,
 will be temporarily suspended.

If you are unhappy with Sagebrew's decision to suspend any of your
privileges, you may open a ticket and email the Sagebrew Support team with
your concerns or issues.

Commit message:

Final addition of docs for help center from confluence. Also included initial updates based on feedback

sagebrew/help_center/documents/solutions/solutions_no_longer_accepted.md, after:

# Why are Solutions no longer being accepted from my account? #
There are a few reasons that might lead to an inability to post Solutions.

- Multiple of your Solutions have been [flagged][1] for inappropriate or 
  offensive conduct. 
 - If you have been providing Solutions that are
   considered offensive or inappropriate you are
   not adding to the [Conversation][2] but rather distracting
   from real Solutions. This will result in the
   temporary suspension of your [privilege][3] to provide Solutions

- Your Solutions have repeatedly been Downvoted and are
  determined to be largely unhelpful to the Conversation.
 - If you've been providing solutions that aren't offensive
   or inappropriate, but provide no real value to the
   Conversation, your privilege to provide Solutions
   may be temporarily suspended. In this case, we suggest
   reading through some other Questions and Solutions to get
   an idea of what is expected in a Solution.


- Your account has been flagged for misconduct or
  inappropriate or offensive activity.
 - If your account has been flagged for misconduct, all
   of your privileges, including providing Solutions,
   will be temporarily suspended.

If you are unhappy with Community's and Admin Council's decision to suspend 
any of your privileges we are sorry but we cannot assist in this matter. 
Outside of waiting out the suspension there are no tools for any Sagebrew 
employees to reduce, remove, or modify, in any fashion, restrictions placed on a 
given user. This is meant to keep moderation in the hands of the community and 
remove potential for any bias treatment.

[1]: /help_center/privileges/flagging/
[2]: /help_center/privileges/participate_in_the_conversation/
[3]: /help_center/privileges/list_of_privileges/ # TODO
