sagebrew/help_center/documents/privileges/10000_brewmaster.md, before:

# Brewmaster #
*Reputation needed: 10,000*

*Badges Required: TBD*

## Description ##
Congratulations! You’re now a Brewmaster, one of our most trusted members! 
With this awesome title comes a great responsibility. You now have the ability 
to step behind the scenes at Sagebrew and join the ranks of the Admins by 
joining the [Admin Council][1]. We’re relying on you to guide the Sagebrew 
community and to lead through example.

## What does this mean? ##
- You can now access the Admin Panel
- You’ll be able to review [Flagged][2] Questions, Solutions, and Comments, 
  determining whether or not they merit deletion, closure, or are harmless. 
  The Admin Council works a little like a democracy. All Flagged posts are 
  brought to the Admin Panel where they can vote on them. A 2/3 majority 
  among Admins who vote on Flagged posts is required before a Flagged piece of content is 
  [Deleted][3] or [Closed][4].
- Close [Duplicate][5] Questions
- Ability to [Protect][7] a Conversation

## Limitations ##
Admin and up privileges are suspended if you open a representative account or are 
elected to office. Also if you are a spouse of an elected official your 
moderator privileges shall be suspended for the length of their service to 
their country.

[1]: /help/reputation/admin_council/
[2]: /help/privileges/flagging/
[3]: /help/conversation/deletions/
[4]: /help/questions/closure_of_a_question/
[5]: /help/questions/duplicate_question/
[7]: /help/conversation/protected/

Commit message:

updates to tribune and brewmaster docs

sagebrew/help_center/documents/privileges/10000_brewmaster.md, after:

# Brewmaster #
*Reputation needed: 10,000*

*Badges Required: TBD*

## Description ##
Congratulations! You’re now a Brewmaster, one of our most trusted members! 
With this awesome title comes a great responsibility. You now have the ability 
to step behind the scenes at Sagebrew and join the ranks of the Admins by 
joining the [Admin Council][1]. We’re relying on you to guide the Sagebrew 
community and to lead through example.

## What does this mean? ##
- You can now access the Admin Panel
- You’ll be able to review [Flagged][2] Questions, Solutions, and Comments, 
  determining whether or not they merit deletion, closure, or are harmless. 
  The Admin Council works a little like a democracy. All Flagged posts are 
  brought to the Admin Panel where they can vote on them. A 2/3 majority 
  among Admins who vote on Flagged posts is required before a Flagged piece of content is 
  [Deleted][3] or [Closed][4].
- Close [Duplicate][5] Questions
- Ability to [Protect][7] a Conversation
{% comment %}
    Upon implementation of Reach Posts elected officials shall have the capability
    to retain their additional reach posts granted at Tribune status until the 
    end of their second term. For Presidential we'll probably want to remove 
    these powers immediately after election. For Senators probably after their
    first term.
{% endcomment %}

## Limitations ##
Admin and up privileges are suspended if you open a representative account or are 
elected to office. Also if you are a spouse of an elected official your 
moderator privileges shall be suspended for the length of their service to 
their country.

[1]: /help/reputation/admin_council/
[2]: /help/privileges/flagging/
[3]: /help/conversation/deletions/
[4]: /help/questions/closure_of_a_question/
[5]: /help/questions/duplicate_question/
[7]: /help/conversation/protected/
