sagebrew/help_center/documents/privileges/20_comment.md, before:

# Ability to Comment #
*Reputation needed: 20*

## Description ##
You've gained the ability to Comment on other member's Questions and Solutions! 
Comments are intended for suggestions, criticisms, feedback, and 
clarification. Comments should be aimed at helping to improve a Solution or 
Question.

## When to Comment ##
When you can assist another user with a Solution or Question. If you see a 
Solution that is close but you believe it's missing something or needs 
help being pushed in the right direction, you should leave a Comment that 
offers relevant material aimed at improving the Solution. Comments are about 
helping derive the best Solutions possible and making Questions understandable
and complete. 

## When not to Comment ##
You should refrain from Commenting if your Comment doesn’t add anything 
significant to the conversation. No “me too!” or “That’s stupid” types of 
Comments. Those take up space and time, and will inevitably be Flagged and 
removed. You should also refrain from Commenting if your Comments are 
offensive, inappropriate, or spam.

Commit message:

Completed review of help documents, fixed links, and removed unimplemented functionality. WA-755 #done WA-617 #done WA-618 #done WA-711 #done WA-717 #done WA-740 #done WA-700 #done WA-719 #done WA-727 #done

sagebrew/help_center/documents/privileges/20_comment.md, after:

# Ability to Comment #
*Reputation needed: 20*

## Description ##
You've gained the ability to Comment on other member's Questions and Solutions! 
Comments are intended for suggestions, criticisms, feedback, and 
clarification. Comments should be aimed at helping to improve a Solution or 
Question.

## When to Comment ##
When you can assist another user with a Solution or Question. If you see a 
Solution that is close but you believe it's missing something or needs 
help being pushed in the right direction, you should leave a Comment that 
offers relevant material aimed at improving the Solution. Comments are about 
helping derive the best Solutions possible and making Questions understandable
and complete. Comments are there to help you have a conversation with another 
individual, on a specific piece of content, and help to iteratively improve 
upon it.

## When not to Comment ##
You should refrain from Commenting if your Comment doesn’t add anything 
significant to the conversation. No “me too!” or “That’s stupid” types of 
Comments. Those take up space and time, and will inevitably be Flagged and 
removed. Use an [Upvote][1] or [Downvote][2] if you disagree or agree in such a way.
You should also refrain from Commenting if your Comments are 
offensive, inappropriate, or spam. 


[1]: /help/privileges/upvote/
[2]: /help/privileges/downvote/
