sagebrew/help_center/documents/policies/reporting_suspicious_behavior.md, before:

# What if I see someone doing something bad? #
Community moderation is an essential part of Sagebrew. If you see someone 
communicating in an inappropriate or offensive manner, you can open a [Flag][1]
by clicking on the Flag icon in the dialogue box containing the inappropriate 
dialogue. After clicking on the Flag you will be prompted to give a reason 
for opening the Flag. Select the appropriate option from the list given or, 
if none apply, create your own reason. We encourage you to stand up and 
call out bad behavior, and we greatly appreciate your dedication to the 
cultivation and maintenance of a friendly and inviting environment. 

If your Flag is grayed out, you have may not have gained enough reputation 
to be able to Flag content yet or you may have used up all your Flags for the 
week. If you don't have the Flagging privilege yet don't worry, you only need 
15 reputation points before you gain it. Create a quality Solution or ask a 
Question, you'll be there in no time.

[1]: /help/privileges/flagging/

Commit message:

Completed review of help documents, fixed links, and removed unimplemented functionality. WA-755 #done WA-617 #done WA-618 #done WA-711 #done WA-717 #done WA-740 #done WA-700 #done WA-719 #done WA-727 #done

sagebrew/help_center/documents/policies/reporting_suspicious_behavior.md, after:

# What if I see someone doing something bad? #
Community moderation is an essential part of Sagebrew. If you see someone 
communicating in an inappropriate or offensive manner, you can open a [Flag][1]
by clicking on the <i class="fa fa-flag"></i> in the dialogue box containing the
inappropriate content. Please note that there are repercussions for Flagging 
content unwarrantedly. After clicking on the Flag you will be prompted to give a reason 
for opening the Flag. Select the appropriate option from the list given or, 
if none apply, create your own reason. We encourage you to stand up and 
call out bad behavior, and we greatly appreciate your dedication to the 
cultivation and maintenance of a friendly and inviting environment. 

If your Flag is grayed out, you have may not have gained enough [Reputation][2] 
to be able to Flag content yet or you may have used up all your Flags for the 
week. If you don't have the Flagging privilege yet don't worry, you only need 
15 reputation points before you gain it. Create a quality Solution or ask a 
Question, you'll be there in no time.

[1]: /help/privileges/flagging/
[2]: /help/reputation/
