sagebrew/help_center/documents/donations/action_area_citizen.md, before:

# What is an Action Area #
An Action Area is a space for those who wish to run for office to showcase 
themselves to the constituency.

## Purpose ##
The Action Area serves as a candidate's public campaign profile. It provides 
constituents with important information regarding a candidate's policies and 
reasons for running for office.


## What's on it? ##
#### Donation Goals ####
This is where a candidate will outline their fundraising plans and campaign 
goals. If you're interested in contributing to a candidate, you'll want to 
check their Donation Goals to get an idea of how they plan to spend their 
funds.

#### Saga ####
This is where you'll find a candidate's Epic; where they will present their 
policies, agenda, background such as education or experience, as well as 
anything else they'd like people to know about them.

#### Updates ####
The "Updates" tab is the place you'll find a candidate's Blog, where candidates
will keep the public informed as to the progress of their campaign. They'll be 
required to provide updates for each Donation Goal reached, but they can post 
as many updates as they'd like.

#### Bio ####
The bio is the short description of a candidate that appears beneath their name 
on their Action Area.

#### Contributing and Pledging Votes ####
There will be two buttons next to a candidates name. One is labeled "Donate" 
and will take you to a form where you may contribute money to a candidate's 
campaign.

The other button is labeled "Pledge Vote" and is how you'll pledge your vote 
to the candidate of your choosing.


## Check in ##
It's a good idea to check the Action Areas of the candidates running for office 
in your state before voting so you have an accurate idea of each candidate's 
goals. Make sure to follow the candidates you support and don't be afraid to 
reach out to them!

Commit message:

Transitioned references of action area over to quest. WA-1291 #done

sagebrew/help_center/documents/donations/action_area_citizen.md, after:

# What is a Quest #
A Quest is a space for those who wish to run for office to showcase 
themselves to the constituency.

## Purpose ##
A Quest serves as a candidate's public campaign profile. It provides 
constituents with important information regarding a candidate's policies and 
reasons for running for office.


## What's on it? ##
#### Donation Goals ####
This is where a candidate will outline their fundraising plans and campaign 
goals. If you're interested in contributing to a candidate, you'll want to 
check their Donation Goals to get an idea of how they plan to spend their 
funds.

#### Saga ####
This is where you'll find a candidate's Epic; where they will present their 
policies, agenda, background such as education or experience, as well as 
anything else they'd like people to know about them.

#### Updates ####
The "Updates" tab is the place you'll find a candidate's Blog, where candidates
will keep the public informed as to the progress of their campaign. They'll be 
required to provide updates for each Donation Goal reached, but they can post 
as many updates as they'd like.

#### Bio ####
The bio is the short description of a candidate that appears beneath their name 
in their Quest.

#### Contributing and Pledging Votes ####
There will be two buttons next to a candidates name. One is labeled "Donate" 
and will take you to a form where you may contribute money to a candidate's 
campaign.

The other button is labeled "Pledge Vote" and is how you'll pledge your vote 
to the candidate of your choosing.


## Check in ##
It's a good idea to check up on the Quests of the candidates running for office 
in your state before voting so you have an accurate idea of each candidate's 
goals. Make sure to follow the candidates you support and don't be afraid to 
reach out to them!
