sagebrew/help_center/documents/donations/pledging_votes.md, before:

# Why we think you should pledge a vote for your Representative #
Sagebrew's pledging system offers the unique and interesting opportunity for 
users to pledge their vote to a candidate running for office. Pledging a vote 
is akin to assuring your representative that come election day, they'll have 
your vote at the polls. The act of pledging a vote benefits both the 
representatives and the citizens they represent. 

* The representative can more accurately judge the support they have during 
  campaign season and adjust campaign strategy accordingly. If a representative 
  can see that they have a lot of support, it might encourage them to run or to 
  continue with confidence.
* Also, some representatives may choose not to run unless they receive a certain 
  number of pledged votes. This is an easy way to let a representative know that 
  they can count on your support and show them that they have a shot at winning. 


We think that it's important to foster a community of trust and openness, and
we highly encourage all members of the Sagebrew community to pledge their votes 
with full intention of casting those votes come election day. In a community 
where the citizens can effectively communicate with those responsible for 
representing them, it will be easier to tend to the will of the people. So go 
on a head, do your research and pledge your vote!!

Commit message:

Updating docs to utilize Quest reference more often, fixing intercom population on quest creation, removing reference to representative where both reps and candidates are possible, and updating search blocks for quest

sagebrew/help_center/documents/donations/pledging_votes.md, after:

# Why we think you should pledge a vote to a Quest #
Sagebrew's pledging system offers the unique and interesting opportunity for 
users to pledge their vote to a candidate running for office. Pledging a vote 
is akin to assuring the candidate of your choosing that come election day, they'll have 
your vote at the polls. The act of pledging a vote benefits both the 
candidate and the citizens they represent. 

* The candidate can more accurately judge the support they have during 
  campaign season and adjust campaign strategy accordingly. If a candidate 
  can see that they have a lot of support, it might encourage them to run or to 
  continue with confidence.
* Also, some candidates may choose to discontinue their campaign unless they receive a certain 
  number of pledged votes. This is an easy way to let a candidate know that 
  they can count on your support and show them that they have a shot at winning. 


We think that it's important to foster a community of trust and openness, and
we highly encourage all members of the Sagebrew community to pledge their votes 
with full intention of casting those votes come election day. In a community 
where the citizens can effectively communicate with those responsible for 
representing them, it will be easier to tend to the will of the people. So go 
a head, do your research and pledge your vote!!
