sagebrew/help_center/documents/terms/trust_and_safety.md, before:

#Community Values#

Here at Sagebrew our goal is to provide an efficient
and working system that fosters collaboration, trust, and
honesty. We work hard to solve issues with the site, we
actively listen to you, the community, for your needs and
desires, and we encourage open communication so we can
make Sagebrew a great experience for everyone.

## A few things for general users ##

- Sagebrew provides a great platform for those seeking
  to run for public office to do so. However, not all campaigns
  will be successful and we advise you research your candidates
  well before donating to them. We do our best to provide you
  as full of a picture as possible of each candidate, but
  ultimately we cannot provide every last detail. You should
  check multiple sources before choosing to donate.

- Although it's easier to communicate with your representatives
  and candidates than ever before, we cannot promise that they'll respond
  immediately, or at all. Representatives are busy, and it may be
  that they cannot answer your concerns for a week or two. Sagebrew
  cannot force representatives to respond to their constituents.

- The public Conversation area is a great tool for talking
  about and instigating change, but only if we collaborate
  and respect each other's ideas and insights. If you see
  inappropriate or offensive activity, don't be afraid to [Flag][1]
  it.

- We encourage openness and honesty, and by striving
  to listen to the community and address issues as they arise
  we hope that you'll follow our lead and help us keep
  Sagebrew working and growing. We'd greatly appreciate it if you
  reported any issues or problems with the site, and we trust that
  you'll report them and not attempt to exploit them in any way.
  
- Open communication with your representatives and those running for office in your area.
  Open communication is what a democracy is all about. The more information exchanged
  between individuals and those representing groups of individuals, the better.

## A few things for candidates and sitting representatives ##

- It's best to be as clear and concise as possible when laying
  out your Donation Goals and Rounds. You'll want to make sure
  your contributors know that their money is being used as they'd
  hoped. This also creates a meaningful relationship between
  you and your contributors and encourages others to get involved.

- Take an active role in the Conversation. This will help show your constituents how you
  solve problems, how you strategize, and why you stand for your ideals.



## Sagebrew's role here ##
- Our algorithms do their best to remove things like spam, someone selling products, etc.
  If it's clearly not legitimate, we do our best to tidy it up. We like to run a clean
  ship. Anything that our algorithms can't decipher definitively will have to be reviewed
  by the Admin Council before [removal][2] or [closure][3].

- We do our best to ensure that there's only one user per person. Multiple accounts can
  mess up data and provide incorrect voting expectations. We have a secure system in
  place to ensure each citizen only has one account, but it's not perfect and we rely on
  user input and assistance to help us learn and improve.

- We keep the site third party advertisement free, and we'll never sell your information
  to anyone. What you post and share here remains here unless you choose to share it.
  Unlike other social media sites we do not make our money by secretly selling your data
  behind your back.



** **

** Sagebrew is a new and exciting place, so lets all do our best to explore
this uncharted territory together and make some real change!**


[1]: /help/privileges/flagging/
[2]: /help/questions/why_are_questions_deleted/
[3]: /help/questions/closure_of_a_question/

Commit message:

Completed review of help documents, fixed links, and removed unimplemented functionality. WA-755 #done WA-617 #done WA-618 #done WA-711 #done WA-717 #done WA-740 #done WA-700 #done WA-719 #done WA-727 #done

sagebrew/help_center/documents/terms/trust_and_safety.md, after:

# Community Values #
Here at Sagebrew our goal is to provide an efficient
and working system that fosters collaboration, trust, and
honesty. We work hard to solve issues with the site, we
actively listen to you, the community, for your needs and
desires, and we encourage open communication so we can
make Sagebrew a great experience for everyone.

## A few things for general users ##
- Sagebrew provides a great platform for those seeking
  to run for public office to do so. However, not all campaigns
  will be successful and we advise you research your candidates
  well before donating to them. We do our best to provide you
  as full of a picture as possible of each candidate, but
  ultimately we cannot provide every last detail. You should
  check multiple sources before choosing to donate.

- Although it's easier to communicate with your representatives
  and candidates than ever before, we cannot promise that they'll respond
  immediately, or at all. Representatives are busy, and it may be
  that they cannot answer your concerns for a week or two. Sagebrew
  cannot force representatives to respond to their constituents.

- The public Conversation area is a great tool for talking
  about and instigating change, but only if we collaborate
  and respect each other's ideas and insights. If you see
  inappropriate or offensive activity, don't be afraid to [Flag][1]
  it.

- We encourage openness and honesty, and by striving
  to listen to the community and address issues as they arise
  we hope that you'll follow our lead and help us keep
  Sagebrew working and growing. We'd greatly appreciate it if you
  reported any issues or problems with the site, and we trust that
  you'll report them and not attempt to exploit them in any way.

- Make sure to open communication with your representatives and those running 
  for office in your area. Open communication is what a democracy is all about.
  The more information exchanged between individuals and those representing 
  groups of individuals, the better.

## A few things for candidates and sitting representatives ##
- It's best to be as clear and concise as possible when laying
  out your [Donation Goals][4] and Rounds. You'll want to make sure
  your contributors know that their money is being used as they'd
  hoped. This also creates a meaningful relationship between
  you and your contributors and encourages others to get involved.

- Take an active role in the Conversation. This will help show your constituents how you
  solve problems, how you strategize, and why you stand for your ideals.

## Sagebrew's role here ##
- Our algorithms do their best to flag things like spam, someone selling products, etc
  for the [Admin Council][5] to review prior to it being seen by the general Community.
  If it's clearly not legitimate, we do our best to tidy it up. We like to run a clean
  ship. Rest assured anything our systems flag goes through the same process it would if a 
  Community member were to flag it. The Admin Council still has to give a 2/3 vote on the 
  content before [removal][2] or [closure][3].

- We do our best to ensure that there's only one user per person. Multiple accounts can
  mess up data and provide incorrect voting expectations. We have a secure system in
  place to ensure each citizen only has one account, but it's not perfect and we rely on
  user input and assistance to help us learn and improve.

- We keep the site third party advertisement free, and we don't sell your information
  to anyone. What you post and share here remains here unless you choose to share it.
  Unlike other social media sites we do not make our money by discreetly selling your data
  behind your back.



** **

** Sagebrew is a new and exciting place, so lets all do our best to explore
this uncharted territory together and make some real change! **


[1]: /help/privileges/flagging/
[2]: /help/conversation/deletions/
[3]: /help/questions/closure_of_a_question/
[4]: /help/campaigns/donation_goals/
[5]: /help/reputation/admin_council/
