sagebrew/help_center/documents/reputation_and_moderation/reputation.md, before:

# What is Reputation? How do I earn (and lose) it? #
Reputation is Sagebrew's system of credibility. You gain Reputation by posting 
quality content that provides value to the community. You lose Reputation by 
posting poor quality content that does not offer value to the community. The 
more Reputation you gain the more privileges you'll unlock. Once you've gathered 
enough Reputation that you've proven your dedication to the site, you'll 
be able to join Sagebrew's [Admin Council][1]. Reputation is categorized into 
different topics that include:

- Economic
- Foreign Policy
- Social
- Education 
- Science
- Environment
- Drugs
- Agriculture
- Defense
- Energy
- Health
- Space
 
Reputation will be categorized based on Tags.  

The best way to earn Reputation is by posing great questions, giving 
thoughtful, relevant solutions, and leaving smart and constructive comments. 
If you prove to be a helpful presence on Sagebrew, you'll gain many Upvotes 
and much Reputation in return for your help and insightful conversation. 

The best way to lose Reputation is by posting spam, offensive or 
inappropriate material, or by responding to others in a rude and/or 
hurtful manner. Material of this nature will garner many Downvotes and you will
inevitably lose Reputation. 

Your Reputation says a lot about you as a Sagebrew contributor. The more you 
participate, and the better you become as a participant, the more Reputation 
you'll amass. 

Your Reputation is tracked on your profile. 


[1]: /help/reputation/admin_council/

Commit message:

Completed review of help documents, fixed links, and removed unimplemented functionality. WA-755 #done WA-617 #done WA-618 #done WA-711 #done WA-717 #done WA-740 #done WA-700 #done WA-719 #done WA-727 #done

sagebrew/help_center/documents/reputation_and_moderation/reputation.md, after:

# What is Reputation? How do I earn (and lose) it? #
Reputation is Sagebrew's system of credibility. You gain Reputation by posting 
quality content that provides value to the community. You lose Reputation by 
posting poor quality content that does not offer value to the community. The 
more Reputation you gain the more privileges you'll unlock. Once you've gathered 
enough Reputation that you've proven your dedication to the site, you'll 
be able to join Sagebrew's [Admin Council][1]. Reputation is categorized into 
different topics that include:

- Economic
- Foreign Policy
- Social
- Education 
- Science
- Environment
- Drugs
- Agriculture
- Defense
- Energy
- Health
- Space
 
Reputation will be categorized based on Tags.  

The best way to earn Reputation is by posing great Questions, giving 
thoughtful, relevant Solutions, and leaving smart and constructive [Comments][2]. 
If you prove to be a helpful presence on Sagebrew, you'll gain many [Upvotes][3]
and much Reputation in return for your help and insightful conversation. 

The best way to lose Reputation is by posting spam, offensive or 
inappropriate material, or by responding to others in a rude and/or 
hurtful manner. Material of this nature will garner many [Downvotes][4] and you will
inevitably lose Reputation. 

Your Reputation says a lot about you as a Sagebrew contributor. The more you 
participate, and the better you become as a participant, the more Reputation 
you'll amass. 

Your Reputation is tracked on your profile. 


[1]: /help/reputation/admin_council/
[2]: /help/privileges/comment/
[3]: /help/privileges/upvote/
[4]: /help/privileges/downvote/
