sagebrew/help_center/documents/one_pagers/action_page_signup.md, before:

# Action Area Creation #
When setting up your Action Area there are a few things to know.

### What is an Action Area? ###
The Action Area is, quite literally, where all the action is!
Your Action Area is a public space on which you'll be able
to display your Education and Experiences, as well as your Donation
Goals and Rounds, policies and agenda, and a personal bio.

In your Action Area you'll be able to:

- Raise funding for your campaign
- Outline your personal and political agendas
- Judge your Progress through Pledged Votes

What a heap of benefits!

Now, there are quite a few things to consider during the set up of your Action
Area, and quite a few amazing features that we think you'll find very handy.

### Donation Goals and Rounds ###
The ability to set Donation Goals is arguably the most prolific
feature of the Action Area. Donation Goals allow you
to organize your fundraising and campaign expenditures
while providing your constituents easy access to
your campaign plans and a simple way to contribute.

Here's how they work:

- You set your first Donation Goal. The first Donation Goal can
  be either monetary, a number of pledged votes, or both. (We offer
  the option for setting a number of pledged votes for the first
  Donation Goal so you can judge support from the start)
- Then, you set up the rest of your first Round. Think of Rounds like
  segments of your campaign. You can set as many Donation Goals per
  Round as you'd like, and as many Rounds as you'd like.
- Once you've set your first Round, you can go Live, at which point
  you cannot change any of the Donation Goals in that Round.
- Spend more time running and organizing your campaign, and less time
  in the calling booth.

#### Setting Smart Donation Goals and Rounds ####
With such an efficient and easy system, it's hard not to raise funding
on Sagebrew. However, it is important to set smart Donation Goals to make the
most out of Sagebrew's contribution system.

To begin your campaign we'd advise that
you set short, attainable Donation Goals that
will help get your campaign rolling. You will not actually
receive any of the funding raised until you reach your Donation
Goals. For example, if you set your first Donation Goal at
5,000 dollars, you will not receive any of that funding until
the 5,000 dollar mark is reached, at which point any leftover
funding will roll over into your next Donation Goal. So, by setting short,
achievable goals you can show your contributors that
you're good on your word and that you have the dedication
to achieve your goals and get things done.

### Epic ###
In this section you'll be able to outline your political policies, education, 
experiences, and achievements. By highlighting your history and the issues 
that matter to you, you'll become more personable to the public.

You'll also be able to
plan your political agenda (what you plan to do once/if you reach office) 
as well as anything else you want the public to know about you.

### Bio ###
This is where you have a chance to express yourself on a personal level.
Forget your education and experience and all that, this is your chance
to appeal to your constituents. What makes you a good person, and why will
people like you?

### Efficient Campaigning ###
With Sagebrew's Action Area campaigning has never been more
efficient. Our system of Donation Goals and Rounds allows you
to spend more time and resources on your campaign itself, rather
than worrying about how to collect funding. With the Action Area you'll
be able to display your views and agenda, as well as your credentials
and political strategy. And with the Dashboard you'll receive
unique and priceless information about your constituency and the efficacy of
your campaign.

## Reminders ##
### Things you must do outside of Sagebrew before your Action Area can go live ###
#### You must create a campaign bank account ####
Many states have campaign finance laws that require candidates to open a 
campaign bank account in order to legally deposit donations. 
Also, in order to open a campaign bank account, many local laws 
require you to establish a campaign committee with the local county 
Board of Elections, as banks may require committee paperwork at sign 
up. Definitely be sure to check your local, state, and/or federal 
election laws to make sure your campaign doesn't fall into legal trouble.  

### Other things to consider before your Action Area goes live ###
#### Do you have a good campaign team at your back? ####
The core components of a campaign team include you, the candidate, a 
campaign manager who oversees the entire campaign and a treasurer to keep 
track of campaign expenditures and assets. Typically a campaign team 
includes a fundraiser who is responsible for raising funding, but with 
Sagebrew that position may be unnecessary provided you have a smart 
treasurer. Other positions may include political consultants, speech 
consultants, legal advisers and volunteers.

#### Are you prepared to give public speeches? ####
How about television and radio appearances? Speeches are important 
and most people will judge a candidate by how well they speak 
publicly. Good public speaking skills indicate a strong, efficient, 
knowledgeable and confident candidate. This is a candidate people want 
to support. If you aren't confident in your public speaking skills, 
you'll want to hire a speech consultant to help you appeal to the public.

#### Have you done your research? ####
Running a political campaign is a time-consuming endeavor, as well as 
a risky one. You'll spend hours strategizing, organizing, rallying, 
communicating and executing your campaign goals, and it helps to do as 
much research as you possibly can so you've got a broad understanding 
of the campaign process.

## Go Time ##
Alright! With Sagebrew's many tools and features at your side you're ready to 
embark on this exciting adventure!

{% if debug == True %}
    Click here to begin setting up your Action Area!
{% endif %}

Commit message:

Transitioned references of action area over to quest. WA-1291 #done

sagebrew/help_center/documents/one_pagers/action_page_signup.md, after:

# Quest Creation #
When setting up your Quest there are a few things to know.

### What's a Quest? ###
A Quest is where all the action is!
Your Quest is a public space on which you'll be able
to display your Education and Experiences, as well as your Donation
Goals and Rounds, policies and agenda, and a personal bio.

Through your Quest you'll be able to:

- Raise funding for your campaign
- Outline your personal and political agendas
- Judge your Progress through Pledged Votes

What a heap of benefits!

Now, there are quite a few things to consider during the preparation for your 
Quest, and quite a few amazing features that we think you'll find very handy.

### Donation Goals and Rounds ###
The ability to set Donation Goals will be one of your greatest tools on your
Quest. Donation Goals allow you
to organize your fundraising and campaign expenditures
while providing your constituents easy access to
your campaign plans and a simple way to contribute.

Here's how they work:

- You set your first Donation Goal. The first Donation Goal can
  be either monetary, a number of pledged votes, or both. (We offer
  the option for setting a number of pledged votes for the first
  Donation Goal so you can judge support from the start)
- Then, you set up the rest of your first Round. Think of Rounds like
  segments of your campaign. You can set as many Donation Goals per
  Round as you'd like, and as many Rounds as you'd like.
- Once you've set your first Round, you can go Live, at which point
  you cannot change any of the Donation Goals in that Round.
- Spend more time running and organizing your campaign, and less time
  in the calling booth.

#### Setting Smart Donation Goals and Rounds ####
With such an efficient and easy system, it's hard not to raise funding
on Sagebrew. However, it is important to set smart Donation Goals to make the
most out of Sagebrew's contribution system.

To begin your campaign we'd advise that
you set short, attainable Donation Goals that
will help get your campaign rolling. You will not actually
receive any of the funding raised until you reach your Donation
Goals. For example, if you set your first Donation Goal at
5,000 dollars, you will not receive any of that funding until
the 5,000 dollar mark is reached, at which point any leftover
funding will roll over into your next Donation Goal. So, by setting short,
achievable goals you can show your contributors that
you're good on your word and that you have the dedication
to achieve your goals and get things done.

### Epic ###
In this section you'll be able to outline your political policies, education, 
experiences, and achievements. By highlighting your history and the issues 
that matter to you, you'll become more personable to the public.

You'll also be able to
plan your political agenda (what you plan to do once/if you reach office) 
as well as anything else you want the public to know about you.

### Bio ###
This is where you have a chance to express yourself on a personal level.
Forget your education and experience and all that, this is your chance
to appeal to your constituents. What makes you a good person, and why will
people like you?

### Efficient Campaigning ###
With Sagebrew's Quest system campaigning has never been more
efficient. Our system of Donation Goals and Rounds allows you
to spend more time and resources on your campaign itself, rather
than worrying about how to collect funding. On your Quest you'll
be able to display your views and agenda, as well as your credentials
and political strategy. And with the Dashboard you'll receive
unique and priceless information about your constituency and the efficacy of
your campaign.

## Reminders ##
### Things you must do outside of Sagebrew before you begin your Quest ###
#### You must create a campaign bank account ####
Many states have campaign finance laws that require candidates to open a 
campaign bank account in order to legally deposit donations. 
Also, in order to open a campaign bank account, many local laws 
require you to establish a campaign committee with the local county 
Board of Elections, as banks may require committee paperwork at sign 
up. Definitely be sure to check your local, state, and/or federal 
election laws to make sure your campaign doesn't fall into legal trouble.  

### Other things to consider before your Quest goes live ###
#### Do you have a good campaign team at your back? ####
The core components of a campaign team include you, the candidate, a 
campaign manager who oversees the entire campaign and a treasurer to keep 
track of campaign expenditures and assets. Typically a campaign team 
includes a fundraiser who is responsible for raising funding, but with 
Sagebrew that position may be unnecessary provided you have a smart 
treasurer. Other positions may include political consultants, speech 
consultants, legal advisers and volunteers.

#### Are you prepared to give public speeches? ####
How about television and radio appearances? Speeches are important 
and most people will judge a candidate by how well they speak 
publicly. Good public speaking skills indicate a strong, efficient, 
knowledgeable and confident candidate. This is a candidate people want 
to support. If you aren't confident in your public speaking skills, 
you'll want to hire a speech consultant to help you appeal to the public.

#### Have you done your research? ####
Running a political campaign is a time-consuming endeavor, as well as 
a risky one. You'll spend hours strategizing, organizing, rallying, 
communicating and executing your campaign goals, and it helps to do as 
much research as you possibly can so you've got a broad understanding 
of the campaign process.

## Go Time ##
Alright! With Sagebrew's many tools and features at your side you're ready to 
embark on this exciting adventure!

{% if debug == True %}
    Click here to begin setting up your Quest!
{% endif %}
