sagebrew/help_center/documents/asking/questions_no_longer_accepted.md, before:

# Why are Questions no longer being accepted by my account? #
There are a few reasons that might lead to
an inability to spark Questions.

- Multiple of your Questions have been flagged for inappropriate or 
  offensive conduct.
    - If you have been sparking Questions that are
      considered offensive or inappropriate you are
      not generating helpful Conversation, but rather distracting
      from real Conversation. This will result in the
      temporary suspension of your privilege to spark Questions.

- Your Questions have repeatedly been Downvoted and are
determined to be largely unhelpful or unoriginal.
    - If you've been sparking Questions that aren't offensive
      or inappropriate, but simply poor quality, your privilege to spark
      Questions may be temporarily suspended. In this case, we suggest
      reading through some other Questions and Solutions to get
      an idea of what is expected in a Question.


- Your account has been flagged for misconduct or inappropriate or offensive 
  activity.
    - If your account has been flagged for misconduct, all
      of your privileges, including sparking Questions,
      will be temporarily suspended.

If you are unhappy with Sagebrew's decision to suspend any of your
privileges, you may open a ticket and email the Sagebrew Support team with
your concerns or issues.

Commit message:

Completed review of help documents, fixed links, and removed unimplemented functionality. WA-755 #done WA-617 #done WA-618 #done WA-711 #done WA-717 #done WA-740 #done WA-700 #done WA-719 #done WA-727 #done

sagebrew/help_center/documents/asking/questions_no_longer_accepted.md, after:

# Why are Questions no longer being accepted by my account? #
There are a few reasons that might lead to
an inability to spark Questions.

- Multiple of your Questions have been flagged for inappropriate or 
  offensive conduct.
    - If you have been sparking Questions that are
      considered offensive or inappropriate you are
      not generating helpful Conversation, but rather distracting
      from real Conversation. This will result in the
      temporary suspension of your privilege to spark Questions.

- Your Questions have repeatedly been Downvoted and are
  determined to be largely unhelpful or unoriginal.
    - If you've been sparking Questions that aren't offensive
      or inappropriate, but simply are of poor quality, your privilege to spark
      Questions may be temporarily suspended. In this case, we suggest
      reading through some other Questions and Solutions to get
      an idea of what is expected in a Question.


- Your account has been flagged for misconduct or inappropriate or offensive 
  activity.
    - If your account has been flagged for misconduct, all
      of your privileges, including sparking Questions,
      will be temporarily suspended.

Any suspensions in the Public Conversation area are allocated by the Community
by [Flagging][1] content and the [Admin Council][2] voting in a two-thirds 
agreement. Sagebrew staff does not have the power to reinstate privileges 
prior to the completion of a suspension. 


[1]: /help/privileges/flagging/
[2]: /help/reputation/admin_council/
