sagebrew/help_center/documents/asking/traffic_no_solutions.md, before:

# What should I do if nobody provides a Solution to my Question? #
If your Question has received a decent amount of traffic as well as 
Upvotes and/or Downvotes, but nobody has left a Solution, there may be a few 
items you may want to consider.

- Your Question might be confusing.
    - Perhaps the way in which you worded your Question
      has left users confused or unsure of how to
      proceed with a Solution.
- Maybe your Question is too difficult and other users simply don't know 
  where to start the conversation.

The best thing to do if your Question is receiving
traffic/Upvotes/Downvotes but no Solutions is to pose the first
solution yourself! Often you'll find that getting the
conversation started is the most difficult part,
but once other users see that there has been a Solution
provided and can use that Solution to build their own
Solutions, a Conversation can be quickly brought to life.

Also consider that your Question might need more
background information before others decide to
get involved. Updating the [Context][1] of your Question
and adding more information might encourage others
to participate.

Ultimately there's no way to ensure that your
Question will generate Conversation, but by
providing quality Context and motivation for
other users to get involved, you can make sure
that you've done as much as you can to generate
a meaningful Conversation.

[1]: /help/questions/context/

Commit message:

Fixing other reference to solutions instead of solution

sagebrew/help_center/documents/asking/traffic_no_solutions.md, after:

# What should I do if nobody provides a Solution to my Question? #
If your Question has received a decent amount of traffic as well as 
Upvotes and/or Downvotes, but nobody has left a Solution, there may be a few 
items you may want to consider.

- Your Question might be confusing.
    - Perhaps the way in which you worded your Question
      has left users confused or unsure of how to
      proceed with a Solution.
- Maybe your Question is too difficult and other users simply don't know 
  where to start the conversation.

The best thing to do if your Question is has been viewed by a large amount of
users and has received Upvotes or Downvotes but no Solution is to pose the first
solution yourself! Often you'll find that getting the
conversation started is the most difficult part,
but once other users see that there has been a Solution
provided and can use that Solution to build their own, a Conversation 
can be quickly brought to life.

Also consider that your Question might need more
background information before others decide to
get involved. Updating the [Context][1] of your Question
and adding more information might encourage others
to participate.

Ultimately there's no way to ensure that your
Question will generate Conversation, but by
providing quality Context and motivation for
other users to get involved, you can make sure
that you've done as much as you can to generate
a meaningful Conversation.

[1]: /help/questions/context/
